docs: fix typos in image filenames and update references (#3348)
denoland/fresh: docs/canary/getting-started/index.md

Go to the URL printed in the terminal to view your app.

> ![geeting-started-1-init](/docs/getting-started-1-init)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![geeting-started-1-init](/docs/getting-started-1-init.jpg)
```

> ![geeting-started-1-init](/docs/getting-started-1-init.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the newly initialized Fresh app showing a counter](/docs/getting-started-1-init.jpg)
```

If we navigate to `/about` in the browser we'll see our newly created page.

> ![geeting-started-about](/docs/getting-started-2-about.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the /about route](/docs/getting-started-2-about.png)
```

Now, we can see our countdown in action:

> ![geeting-started-countdown](/docs/getting-started-3-cotuntdown.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the countdown component](/docs/getting-started-3-cotuntdown.png)
```
